# Brain Dump
#braindump 

# Meetings
#meetings 
## [[Customers/St James Government]]
- During the connection cutover there's a little bit more downtime when they're cutting over the Annex to the TBDO side.

## [[Customers/LOOP|LOOP]]
### HPBX SIP Survivability
Had a call with Vantagepoint.  We discussed needs and they began to help us.

The edgemarcs cannot do enough routing to handle the multiple uplinks.  We need to set up a router in front of it.

When making conf changes in the GUI, many changes will cause downtime to apply configurations.  Heed with caution.

## [[Customers/Teche Action Clinic]]
 Lots of p2ps, and one site they're requesting PRIs so we would need to potentially order a PWT1 from AT&T back to one of our metaswitches to provide a PRI.. 
 
Questions to ask:  
- Can the requestor please further define what specifically they are looking for with a 'managed' service?  For example, does the requestor require the provider to install, service, and maintain routers to serve a layer 3 WAN?  Is the definition of 'managed' the same for every service within the RFQ?  
- The following locations only indicate 'fiber' and a level of desired bandwidth, but they do not indicate a requested service.  Is the requestor looking for a Metro-E WAN or DIA at each location?  
  - 1115 Weber St  
  - 2555 LA Hwy 18 Edgard, LA  
  - 3528 Hwy 70 South Pierre Part, LA  
  - 18331 Hwy 182 Baldwin, LA  
  - 159 E. 3rd St. Edgard, LA  
- Does 1115 Weber St. Franklin require a separate physical handoff for each point-to-point?
- Does the requestor require PRIs for the call paths, or can the requestor receive these paths via SIP trunking?
# Phone Calls
#phonecalls 
# Notes
#notes

# [[Personal]]

# To Dos
## Due Today or Past Due
```tasks
due date today OR due date before today
```

## All Tasks
```tasks
not done
```