# Brain Dump
#braindump 

# Meetings
#meetings 
## [[Customers/Baton Rouge Radiology Group]]
### Call With Tressy
- wants to talk about process with sales & SEs
- wanted to clarify the misunderstanding of the design from mike
- Need to talk to OSP to understand where they are planning to splice the 2 services into different directions
- need to create a small writeup of each service and how it will be delivered
- 
- [x] BRRG writeup of how redundant services to be delivered 📅 2023-11-03 ✅ 2023-11-13

# Phone Calls
#phonecalls 
# Notes
#notes

## Timeline of Events for [[St James School District|St. James School District]]

- Trouble first reported on 8/24/23 (TT# 785026) by Advanced CSC.  
	- IP OPS took a look at the ports they could see and did not see anything abnormal.  Management to the NID was not available at this time, so nobody could check that piece of equipment.
	- Service was re-checked on 8/28/23 and still NTF
	- Ticket was closed 8/31/23
- New ticket opened on 9/29/23 - TT# 791069
	- Ticket to swap out SFPs.
	- ABS tech went on site and had wrong SFPs and was confused about where to go; did not actually swap any SFPs.  Swaps were attempted on 10/2/23.
	- After this, troubleshooting found packet loss on the customer Meraki public IP, indicating potential issue on Meraki.  District was working with Cisco to troubleshoot, who thought they found a memory leak.
		- 10/11/23 we were notified of the potential memory leak
	- 10/24/23 - NID management restored.  Logan checked port statistics and light levels.
		- **NOTE** - Did not check logs.  This is a mistake on Logan's part.
	- No news from District until 10/26/23, reporting same issue and Cisco cleared any potential memory leak as culprit.  In addition, no longer seeing packet loss at public IP of Meraki firewall, indicating issue potentially past the Meraki, I.E. a physical trouble on fiber, SFPs, NID, or CE.
	- 10/26/23 - ABS dropped new optics off at Venyu for replacement
	- 10/27/23 - Venyu swapped 2/3 SFPs - one of the SFPs would not work in the Accedian NID.
- 10/31/23 - Logan sent trouble to IP OPs for better/quicker troubleshooting.  New ticket opened - TT# 795852.
		- IP OPS noticed port going to customer Meraki bouncing in NID logs.  Logan missed these logs.
		- District/Cisco also added a switch between their Meraki and our NID to help narrow down where problem is occurring.
- 11/1/23 - NID replacement.  No port bounces in NID have been seen since.  

# [[Personal]]

# To Dos
## Due Today or Past Due
```tasks
due date today OR due date before today
```

## All Tasks
```tasks
not done
```