# Brain Dump
#braindump 

# Meetings
#meetings 
## [[Customers/Tangipahoa Parish School District]]
### RFP for DIA
- 1-2 10-20Gb at two locations
- SLA - "Real Time"
	- 99.9% uptime
		- Birth certificate required
			- Birth certificate needs to be 72-hours.
	- latency - 10ms rtt
	- jitter - 3ms

Potential Delivery methods:
**40Gb Delivery**
1) 40G Aggregation device (qfx?) and each DC gets one handoff from QFX, QFX has 100Gb uplink to a Core or PE.
2) 100Gb uplink port device with 8+ 10Gb ports for 2x40Gb LAGs(NCS540 Tortin?  QFX5200?)

**20Gb Delivery**
1) LAG uplink to ?? (hammond?) and 2x 20Gb (2x NCS520?)

**10Gb Delivery**
1) Skylight LX

**Questions to submit**
- Is there physical trunking fiber / tie cable between the two datacenters?
- Does the District prefer a single-port handoff or a 4x10Gb LAG for 40Gb?
	- If a single port, does the District have equipment with QSFP28 cages for 100Gb handoffs?
# Phone Calls
#phonecalls 
# Notes
#notes
## [[St James School District]]
## DIA Troubles
We had Venyu swap optics today.  They swapped the MMF connection to the CPE as well as the BiDI optic in the NID and the BiDi optic in the CE.  They swapped optics on port 6 & 8 in the NID and port 27 in the CE.  Port 6, which uplinks to port 27 of the CE, did not come back up.  The NID port status was "configuring".  The CE port was up but not receiving any traffic.  

I had Will put the original optic back in place to get the services up.  The optic that was given to him has no noted encoding, and I'm not sure how it wound up that way.  It should be Cisco-encoded.  

I emailed Rickie to let him know what was done.  Let's hope the problem is solved now and we don't need to do any more swapping.

# [[Personal]]

# To Dos
## Due Today or Past Due
```tasks
due date today OR due date before today
```

## All Tasks
```tasks
not done
```