# Brain Dump
#braindump 

# Meetings
#meetings 
## [[Recurring/OIS]]
### Kellie's notes:
- #### AT&T Tower Upgrades (no other changes on sites)
	- FA 10020658 - 17287 HIGHWAY 44 PRAIRIEVILLE – JG working on provisioning 10/18/2023

	- FA 12924936 - 10171 WEST ROBERT WILSON ROAD GONZALES – Please get update – last week it was determined that port was down and we suspected that the NID was fried but nothing confirmed.
	- <span style="color: red; font-style: bold">Ask kellie about "E2E READY" vs "E2E COMPLETE"</span>

- #### AT&T New Towers (no other changes on sites)
	- AT&T new tower FA 15327999 12439 Di D Bop Lane Gonzales       12439 Di D Bop Lane, Gonzales – Updated E2E to 10/27/2023

- #### St. John the Baptist DA - Phone
	- 2393 Hwy 18 Edgard – check with OSP to confirm we have PON fiber at location.  Kellie will be reaching out to customer next week to set up after hours or Saturday install.
	 - <span style="color: red; font-style: bold;">Paul looking into it</span>

- #### GLPC
	- Kellie will be sending list to John for next round of sites to be installed when she returns.

- #### The Blood Center
	- Slidell – Type II order with Charter placed on 10/18/2023
	- Marrero – Type II order with AT&T placed on 10/18/2023

- #### Lady of the Sea
	- Chad and Roger went out to meet wiring team on 10/18.
	- Fiber pull in the building set up for 10/25.
	- AC to Comm closet still set for 11/14 so I don’t anticipate us moving our installs up any.

- #### Synergy Bank
	- Baton Rouge – Uniti dropped the ball.  ECD was 10/18 but the tech closed the ticket rather than go out and finish install.  Waiting on new date
	- Livonia – Uniti - Pending splicing – ECD 11/20 possibly could be moved up, once splicing is complete

- #### Surgical Specialty Center
	- TV – Set up call to discuss installation specifics for next Tuesday
	- Andy added the wiring at NC and have special approval done for no charge.
	 - <span style="color: red; font-style: bold">Ask Andy for a floor plan.  Diagram for Brian</span>

## Fiberlight Meeting
- Pricing will be ICB, will need to email [[Contacts/Fiberlight|Brendan O'Leary]]
	- 

- #### Baton Rouge Clinic Prairieville- Voice & Data - 9/30/23 - REV (Lyman & Shavon)
	- Baton Rouge Clinic Prairieville- Voice & Data - 9/30/23 - REV         14169 LA 73 Bldg 5 Prairieville la 70769 – need to discuss services & type of EQ bc we are ready to schedule
	- Baton Rouge Clinic Prairieville- Voice & Data - 9/30/23 - REV         7373 Perkins Rd Baton Rouge La 70808 - need to discuss services & type of EQ bc we are ready to schedule

- #### Five-S Group - Hosted and Internet
	 - Five-S Group - Hosted and Internet           15555 Airline Highway, Baton Rouge, LA 70817 – scheduled – 10/24/2023
	- Five-S Group - Hosted and Internet           20269 Highland Road, Baton Rouge, LA 70817 – scheduled - 10/25/23

# Phone Calls
#phonecalls 
# Notes
#notes

# [[Personal]]

# To Dos
## Due Today or Past Due
```tasks
due date today OR due date before today
```

## All Tasks
```tasks
not done
```