# Brain Dump
#braindump 

# Meetings
#meetings 
# Phone Calls
#phonecalls 
# Notes
#notes
## Waters at Ransley AT&T Circuit Timeline
- Address established on 11/3/21
- Uniti was able to quote it, we got a quote from Uniti on 2/21/22
- Unit circuit was ordered 6/2/22
- 3/10/22 Still could not get the address in AT&T system
- 12/20/22 Still could not get the address in AT&T system
- 1/19/22 Still could not get the address in AT&T system
- 1/25/22 - Got a quote from AT&T
- 2/19/22 - AT&T circuit ordered (AT&T can take up to 6 months to get a wave installed under normal circumstances)
- 2/27/23 - Uniti installed
- 8/17/23 - AT&T installed
	- SE forwarded notification to Transport to ask about scheduling activation/TTU
- 8/22/23 - SE Reached out to AT&T for dates, but we needed to schedule a date in advance and go to AT&T, asked Transport Eng. for dates with CO team
- 8/30/23 - SE Reached out to Transport Eng. again
	- Transport Eng. asked about BTR2 cross-connect.  SE did not order it yet.  Still needed to schedule date w/AT&T
- 9/7/23 - SE ordered cross-connect 9/7/23
- 9/11/23 - Venyu xconnect installed, but still nothing schedule for activation w/AT&T
- 9/12/23 - 9/13/23 - Big Uniti outage for Ransley & Redstone
- 9/14/23 - Activation schedule w/AT&T for 9/21/23
- 

## [[City of Thibodaux]]
- Cannot get 3rd route north to Wallace/Edgard.  Too fiber constrained.  Will need to go 6 to TBDO 6 to HOMA.  OSP mentioned a new route down hwy 308 to Raceland over the next few years, and that may give us a 3rd CO option come renewal time in the future.

# [[Personal]]

# To Dos
```tasks
due date today OR due date before today
```