# Brain Dump
#braindump 

# Meetings
#meetings 
## [[SE and OIS]]
Kellie has been tasked with gathering all of our type 2 circuit costs from carriers and comparing that to what we're billing our customers.  She is asking for some help on the best way to do it.  I suggested that we go through all of the type 2 provider inventory/bills
# Phone Calls
#phonecalls 
# Notes
#notes
## Andre Catch-up
### [[Customers/FABT]]
- EOC Migration service orders have come through.  Kellie has ordered the new AT&T circuit.

### ENGRs
#### [ENGR-4040 - St. Anthony's Gardens](https://eatel.lightning.force.com/lightning/r/Engineering_Request__c/a0XPk000000DJZVMA4/view)
- Big facility, mostly straightforward with some caveats.  A lot of notes in the ENGR.

#### [ENGR-4060 - Sentinel Midstream](https://eatel.lightning.force.com/lightning/r/Engineering_Request__c/a0XPk000000EgKLMA0/view)
- I roped Eddie into this one because it involves the fiber we built on LOOP's property, and involves some of LOOP's fiber, so an agreement needs to be reached.  Eddie tried to call me at 4pm on friday and i was busy so didn't answer.  
- Sentinel Midstream needs a small WAN.  One of the locations would ride LOOP/LOCAP fiber.

**Eddie's Thoughts**
> Sounds like Sentinel is looking for Metro-E circuits.  The challenge is our fiber stops at Hwy 18 and then rides LOCAP fiber to the LOCAP facility.  We then have REV fiber from that location going to the other 2 locations requested.
> 
> Let’s get all the requirements on exactly what Sentinel is looking for so we can determine how many fiber strands are needed on the LOCAP owned fiber.  At that point, I will engage with Scott on the possibility of us using strands on that fiber.
> 
> At the end of the day, LOCAP has vested interest in Sentinel establishing these communication paths.

### [ENGR-4047 - Southern Glazer's](https://eatel.lightning.force.com/lightning/r/a0XPk000000E2TNMA0/view)
- Graham has no clue what they need or have.  Need to talk to customer to figure that out to move forward.
# [[Personal]]

# To Dos
## Due Today or Past Due
```tasks
due date today OR due date before today
```

## All Tasks
```tasks
not done
```